Improve documentation of fields (#5314)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/Fields/interface.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Oscar
CollapsedDocStrings = true
DocTestSetup = Oscar.doctestsetup()
```

# [Field interface](@id fields_interface)

We list the methods that work for any field and its elements.

## Fields

| Method | Remark |
| ------ | ------ |
| `is_finite(K)` | Return whether $K$ is finite |

> | `order(K)` | $\lvert K \rvert$ or error if field is not finite |

Reviewer: Maybe like this? (But I suppose this is highly subjective, so please feel free to ignore)
```suggestion
| `order(K)` | $\lvert K \rvert$ or error if the field is infinite |
```
